cupsctl, lpq, lprm, lpadmin, lpoptions: add pages (#11745)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/lprm.md

# lprm

> Cancel queued print jobs of a server.
> See also: `lpq`.
> More information: <https://www.cups.org/doc/man-lprm.html>.

- Cancel current job on the default printer:

`lprm`

- Cancel a job of a specific server:

`lprm -h {{server[:port]}} {{job_id}}`

> - Cancel multiple jobs with a [E]ncrypted connection to the server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cancel multiple jobs with a encrypted connection to the server:
```
